My mother went back and ate it. elder brother,
Don't worry, my mother and sister-in-law will be fine.
You see, retribution is coming.
This is your retribution.
Did your father touch my mother and sister-in-law?
I am safe and will not ask for help from me.
Please tell me that your sister-in-law is here.
Where is your wife? Where is your mother?
It would be better if my mother and my wife have one less sister-in-law.
I will cut off a piece of mobile phone from you first,
If you get even a little bit injured, it doesn't matter to me whether your whole body is left with you, Zazai.
Even if Longcheng is put into a power line
Wen Yangbaohui and Lao Married found out
It must be Zhao Chunfang and Gao Qi doing each other
Where are your wife and your wife?
What should I do next?